README.md, before:

## Amazon Chime SDK Samples
The Amazon Chime SDK is a set of real-time communications components that developers can use to quickly add messaging, audio, video, and screen sharing capabilities to their web or mobile applications. Developers can leverage the same communication infrastructure and services that power Amazon Chime, an online meetings service from AWS, and deliver engaging experiences in their applications.

This repository contains samples intended to demonstrate different use cases for the Amazon Chime SDK. Each sample is accompanied by its own set of instructions to get you started.

To provide feedback, please file an issue.

## Resources

- [Amazon Chime SDK Overview](https://aws.amazon.com/chime/chime-sdk/)
- [Amazon Chime SDK for JavaScript](https://github.com/aws/amazon-chime-sdk-js)
- [Amazon Chime SDK React Components](https://github.com/aws/amazon-chime-sdk-component-library-react)
- [Amazon Chime SDK for iOS](https://github.com/aws/amazon-chime-sdk-ios)
- [Amazon Chime SDK for Android](https://github.com/aws/amazon-chime-sdk-android)
- [Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/chime/pricing/#Chime_SDK_)
- [Supported Browsers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/chime/latest/dg/meetings-sdk.html#mtg-browsers)
- [Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/chime/latest/dg/meetings-sdk.html)
- [Control Plane API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/chime/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under the MIT-0 License. See the LICENSE file.

Disclaimer: The demos in this repository are examples of how you can use the Amazon Chime SDK to build and customize audio, video and other collaboration experiences for your applications. These demos are for illustrative purposes only, and are not intended for production use. 
Deploying the Amazon Chime SDK demo applications contained in this repository will cause your AWS Account to be billed for any AWS services, including the Amazon Chime SDK, used by the application.

Commit message:

Add the CF template for the meeting-event blog post

README.md, after:

## Amazon Chime SDK Samples
The Amazon Chime SDK is a set of real-time communications components that developers can use to quickly add messaging, audio, video, and screen sharing capabilities to their web or mobile applications. Developers can leverage the same communication infrastructure and services that power Amazon Chime, an online meetings service from AWS, and deliver engaging experiences in their applications.

This repository contains samples intended to demonstrate different use cases for the Amazon Chime SDK. Each sample is accompanied by its own set of instructions to get you started.

To provide feedback, please file an issue.

## Samples

### Analytics

- [Amazon Chime SDK Meeting Event Dashboard](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-chime-sdk/tree/main/analytics/meeting-event-dashboard) - Monitors and troubleshoots with the Amazon Chime SDK meeting events

### Applications

- [Automated Moderation and Sentiment Analysis of Chat with the Amazon Chime SDK](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-chime-sdk/tree/main/apps/moderated-chat-and-sentiment-analysis) - Creates a chat application with automated moderation, message effects, and sentiment analysis

## Resources

- [Amazon Chime SDK Overview](https://aws.amazon.com/chime/chime-sdk/)
- [Amazon Chime SDK for JavaScript](https://github.com/aws/amazon-chime-sdk-js)
- [Amazon Chime SDK React Components](https://github.com/aws/amazon-chime-sdk-component-library-react)
- [Amazon Chime SDK for iOS](https://github.com/aws/amazon-chime-sdk-ios)
- [Amazon Chime SDK for Android](https://github.com/aws/amazon-chime-sdk-android)
- [Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/chime/pricing/#Chime_SDK_)
- [Supported Browsers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/chime/latest/dg/meetings-sdk.html#mtg-browsers)
- [Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/chime/latest/dg/meetings-sdk.html)
- [Control Plane API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/chime/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under the MIT-0 License. See the LICENSE file.

Disclaimer: The demos in this repository are examples of how you can use the Amazon Chime SDK to build and customize audio, video and other collaboration experiences for your applications. These demos are for illustrative purposes only, and are not intended for production use. 
Deploying the Amazon Chime SDK demo applications contained in this repository will cause your AWS Account to be billed for any AWS services, including the Amazon Chime SDK, used by the application.
